Add ADaaS documentation. (#64)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/references/adaas/extracting_metadata.mdx

# Extract Metadata Phase

During the `EXTRACT_METADATA` phase, the Worker must provide a JSON file named `initial_domain_mapping.json`,
and upload it as an Artifact with item type `initial_domain_mapping`.

The file provides mappings between External System domain entities and DevRev domain entities.

For each extracted domain entity from the External System,
the Extractor must provide at least one mapping to a DevRev domain entity.

If two or more possible mappings are provided within `possible_targets`, end-users will be able to select
to what DevRev domain entity they would like to have it transformed during the mapping phase of the extraction.

In the `initial_field mappings` all required fields for a specific DevRev domain entity must be specified

> (e.g., DevRev Issues must have a priority, users must have a name etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(for example, DevRev Issues must have a priority, users must have a name).
```
